didn't you just ask me a question and
now you're just talking like what kind
of start you started asking me a
question we like you threw it back to me
yeah you're like you know that right
Travis is you gave me back control kind
of rhetorical you just had to say yes
you you were waiting for an answer you
guess a kind rhetorical if you need an
answer
rhetorical is literally no answer needed
well against all odds hundred thieves
are now three you know I don't know how
I mean talented individuals and yet
somehow they ended up with this coach
that's that's the real miracle I'm
joined right now by probably with covers
presented by Omni slash to talk a little
bit about your lack of facial hair what
happened yeah um I don't know it really
just I think I have lost the soul of you
game and I was like there's something
wrong and it's definitely not my play
excited and now I'm this is the way I
look now at least for a month until it
actually grows back Sammy literally
walking around the background just
trying to get all those YouTube
commenters to talk about her my point is
we've got a situation here where you are
undefeated know every is like TL TSM
those do be the top two teams of the
split but actually right now there's two
teams that are undefeated and it's you
guys in echo fox so what do you think of
that situation it's good it's good
situation I don't know people like I
think when people looked at rosters
they're like this guy couldn't be one
this guy so this teams can do really
great but the way these guys play
together they really complement each
other really well so it's one of those
sums greater than the parts situation so
maybe they have someone that can 1v1 our
player but doesn't really matter it
doesn't work that way you even saw this
game how annoying some of these players
on my team are yeah their play styles
and they just run around the map and
they're really smart about that
and that's something that most players
are really dumb at is like looking at
the mini-map and knowing what to do like
everyone is I'm gonna write your face
and fight and then our team is like we
when it comes to your team being
annoying is that something you've taught
them um I think you're very annoying
yeah yeah thank you I really practice no
I think it's built in their hearts and
I'm just really happy this is the way
that like their place aisles are cuz
that's definitely something I think I've
talked about before it's like this kind
of annoying play style is something I
would like to do and it's just this ends
up being what the players like pretty
much enjoy you do I mean they like team
fighting and stuff but when you play
against both comps that are like the
team fights gonna be won or lost
instantly it's like kind of a coin flip
so if you are just better at playing the
map and just do what you're better at
and that's pretty much what they did
when you look at the roster and you
mentioned that you feel like a lot of
this roster success is the fact that
it's a sum is greater than the polls
greater than the sum of its parts I
think that's what she said
do you something like that right you
know what I'm trying to say yes
communicational I think I messed it up I
think you were this is one of the few
cases where I think it was anyway you
built this roster right like how you
hand selected all five of these players
yes sir do you feel pretty good right
now because you told me in the interview
that we did before that when you you
implied that when you were with h2k it
you were not given full control of the
roster here you were and you build a
team that's looking pretty solid at
least so they started to split so do you
feel proud of that uh I mean I guess I
still didn't do anything like it's still
like we haven't gotten to prove anything
yet like these games are like cool but
they're still best ones still really
early the split and that hasn't
developed you've basically won worlds is
what you're saying I've pretty much won
worlds and it's all me baby no so I
don't know like putting them together
it's like it could still completely
explode so it's really all the players
and I hope I can impact and help over
the long term what's the team culture
like with the lineup like how are these
guys because you know people talk about
how c9 is chill TSM was like intense
seal geez like the friend guys nadeshot
just yelling and he's so
disrespectful you're just really hates
you actresses he's just smiling but he
really hates you yeah green wall green
wall I think he's actually really
disrespected by that I just pissed him
off yeah green what green wall and what
300 these three go yeah that's that you
acre you anchor him we just yell green
wall I know I know it was trigger word
how ironic used to be on that team the
point is what's the team culture like um
this is the first time I've had I guess
maybe I have had a lot of veterans in
the past but this feels like like by far
the most veteran roster I've had before
so everyone has like their own way of
like doing things and everything so it
seems like on paper like oh look all
these guys know everything so it's gonna
be just like a breeze but it's actually
pretty difficult getting everyone to do
the same thing after everyone has
attacked these habits and everyone on
this roster has been successful before
so to tell them to like or help them
change it or like be more as one is
really difficult because yeah you're
just dealing with like five good and
smart players and when their opinions
differ they both have really logical
reasons so it's not like you're teaching
a new guy who just says like no clue
what he's talking about you can like
just like this is the way it is so a lot
of discussions are like it takes a while
to get where we need to go so that's why
right now I'm not super like oh my god
we're three oh look how good we are
you see there's issues of that result
because yeah we have to get a lot better
and kind of we're not online yet we're
winning these games because the players
are playing really well but we need to
make that like a consistent thing like
something that we can systematically do
every game
speaking of nadeshot are you letting him
know this because I read he snootily
legends I'm sure he's like Waiting
single-handedly crafted the best legal I
just seem ever are you letting him do
like best of three or best of ones three
games called down he's very excited guy
especially with League and stuff so I
had to make sure it's like okay
I mean if you haven't seen those like
pictures of him like watching our
a game there's like 66 my photographer
took those so yeah Jeremy did you yeah
those really good pictures and you could
really like see him like in terror a lot
of these games and I mean watching my
owner just be in terror is really
satisfying I know it's kind of like evil
but it's like oh look out like it's so
invested I really like it so yeah I have
to calm them down a bit about like it's
the best ones we're not there yet but I
like his energy because it's like
counteracts mine of you know expecting
doomsday so having someone really happy
around nice and with you I feel every
team should expect tombs day you know so
it makes sense man you're just like that
I love talking to you Travis like you're
so fun why don't I do interviews all the
time with you people you people don't
remember you're acting very professional
in this interview this is the next level
tactic you've baited me all these years
by acting like a jerk and then when we
do this interview people are gonna be
like well Travis is just a dick to this
guy I don't know why it's like go watch
the go watch the prolly Taj video which
is set 70 to 80% just probably being a
dick to me you you start most of it by
the way I don't know that's true now I
like you put on like a suit and you're
like shit dude I gotta be like growing
up and professional I lost my job in
June I have to be grown up a
professional at all woohoo no the final
thing I want to talk to you about you
know kind of going on with that nadeshot
thread it seems like you guys are like
the internet celebrity team you know
like everybody I'm shooting stuff with
you know an interview with with Nate and
Hector and you know people are like oh
is that Jeff Keely in the background
oh that's I just like you guys swooped
in and I just feels like the internet
celebrity train like shows up into LCS
is that was like going to your head at
all do you experience that or people
just is it just like all these big
youtubers hanging out at the house I
mean being around them doesn't get to
your head because it's like you were
still you and everyone else is like
you're around famous people and you're
like whoa that person's like super
famous cool like let's not be super
awkward about it so that's what you do
you see them when you just say that
versus super famous cool yeah I'm just
like
keep doing your thing and yeah trying to
be super weird about it like I am being
right now everything I'm doing right now
is the opposite of what I actually do in
real life I'm like oh look is this
normal person but in my head I'm like
whoa what the fuck oh wait I there's no
there's no thing where okay cool
actually I've been paying attention does
nobody makes attention to me is there
anything that you want to say
that's yeah it's nighttime it was early
it was you know the games are running
late is there anything you want to say
to anyone out there um
hundreds these fans are really cool I
actually like them a lot and I'm glad
like all the what you might call it so I
know my the players have a huge
following you know that right
hate shots famous yeah yeah and my
players too so Cody Suns got a big
following I'm just kidding cutting
everyone loves cutting the sweet life
with probably and Cody it's coming to
you it's a Disney Channel I didn't
really watch it but a lot of people meme
about it lately didn't you just ask me a
question and now you're just talking
like what kind of started you started
asking me a question we like you throw
it back to me yeah you're like you know
that right Travis is you gave me back
control kind of rhetorical you just had
to say yes you you were waiting for an
answer do you guess a kind rhetorical if
you need an answer
rhetorical is literally no answer needed
my bad for expecting a yes to a question
that required a yes
yes I want to say thank you to all the
fans and all the my players fans that
are actually supporting everyone on team
and not just like their own player which
is really cool and I also want to thank
everyone for not watching this video and
somehow skipping to the end and then
realizing this and then accepting my
humble thanks and don't watch Travis
interviews I hope that gets in okay
thank you
are we off off there can I drop this why
are you guys still laughing this is
really uncomfortable Heywood thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the interview
brought to you by Omni slash and me fair
lady when those who you are slightly
more all right
well uh wait thanks you can check out
the rest of my coverage right here on my
youtube channel